docs: revert docs (#40615)
ant-design/ant-design: components/timeline/index.en-US.md

<code src="./demo/label.tsx">Label</code>
<code src="./demo/wireframe.tsx" debug>Wireframe</code>

> <Alert message="After version 5.2.0, we provide a simpler usage &ltTimeline items={[...]} /&gt;  with better performance and potential of writing simpler code style in your applications. Meanwhile, we deprecated the old usage in browser console, we will remove it in antd 6.0."></Alert>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Alert message="After version 5.2.0, we provide a simpler usage &lt;Timeline items={[...]} /&gt;  with better performance and potential of writing simpler code style in your applications. Meanwhile, we deprecated the old usage in browser console, we will remove it in antd 6.0."></Alert>
```

```__react
import Alert from '../alert';

> ReactDOM.render(<Alert message="After version 5.2.0, we provide a simpler usage <Timeline items={[...]} />  with better performance and potential of writing simpler code style in your applications. Meanwhile, we deprecated the old usage in browser console, we will remove it in antd 6.0." />, mountNode);

Reviewer: 应该是 <Alert message="xxxx"></Alert> 这种写法，不需要 ReactDOM.render 了

Author: 最终需要挪到 <code> 里去不?

Reviewer: 不需要

Reviewer: 1. `import Alert from '../alert';` 也不需要了
2. 不能是单标签，必须是 `<Alert></Alert>`
3. message 里面的尖括号需要转义，用 `&lt;` 和 `&gt;` 代替
